Wife, you've pushed me away. Are you okay?
It's okay. Brother, please care. Of course I'm okay, handsome guy.
You guys go and do the pig dance?
As soon as I touch your hand, I'll know how good you are
Talk about women caring about stories
Look, sister likes my hand very much
Of course
Even if this hand has killed people before
There once was a woman who knew nothing about the world
want to be close to me
I just use this hand
I'll bite him to death
Didn’t you say that men all look after you?
None of your advisors can handle it.
I even said I killed someone.
Look, you always dress like this
Really not
He was really too servile just now
You don’t know anymore
You also said you would help me vent my anger
I see you're here because of the traffic jam
Do you want me to stop being angry?
Can help come back
What can you do?
As long as you crush the candy store
You'll be happy, right?
No one is still alive
Noodles are indispensable
The man of your life
It's different
you are yours
You are not related to Li Sihan. How are you? I don’t want you to see it.
This is not the boss setting up a family with five cabinets
Did you pass it on to me?
This is going to be a home
It's just a show
How many people are there to surround you?
Isn't he the only one you wait for?
I'll get it to you right away
Help me a round
Embarrass your man, wait a minute, almost
Zhaotian is fake
I haven’t worn it yet, how should I match it?
You're right about the clever sieve you put together.
I lost here
I'll regret it for you once I'm done with this
Regret for them to face you
Don't summarize me
Just waiting to see the sunset